What's missing in this application we built thus far.
Of course authentication and authorization.
We had some dummy authentication implemented in the react part of the app already.
But if we're honest we're not really AUTHENTICATING USERS there.
We're just switching between different UI states and that is all.
We also got a dummy log in route on the back end.
But again this route isn't doing anything useful thus far.
Therefore in this module we will change this and we will all and not just work on authentication which
means logging users in but will also work on authorization which means that even if a user is logged
in.
We don't allow everything for the user.
For example you can't edit or delete places you didn't create.
Therefore in this module we'll do one very simple thing.
Will at all sent occasion logic on both ends at that for me.
Then also includes that we add authorization logic so that we control whether a specific user is allowed
to do something or not.
But let's start with authentication.